Docs: Added documentation for the new E2E panel edit option API (#1499)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/e2e-test-a-plugin/test-a-panel-plugin.md

## Test panel options

> To test your panel’s behavior, we recommend [provisioning a dashboard](https://grafana.com/developers/plugin-tools/e2e-test-a-plugin/setup-resources) with multiple panels that demonstrate different states of your panel. This approach allows you to verify that the panel behaves as expected across various configurations. The key benefit is that your tests won’t rely on the Grafana panel edit options UI, which minimizes the risk of failures due to Grafana UI changes, making your tests more stable and robust.

Reviewer: To test your panel’s behavior, we recommend [provisioning a dashboard](https://grafana.com/developers/plugin-tools/e2e-test-a-plugin/setup-resources) with multiple panels showcasing different states of your panel. This ensures your panel functions correctly across various configurations. By avoiding reliance on the Grafana panel edit UI, this approach reduces test failures caused by UI changes, making your tests more stable and reliable.

In cases where interacting with the panel edit options is necessary, we provide a set of APIs to simplify writing tests. These APIs ensure your tests will run consistently across different versions of Grafana without requiring changes.

> To interact with any of the Grafana provided option groups you should use any of the following functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with any of the Grafana-provided option groups, use any of the following functions:
```

| Function Name              | Returned Option Group |
| -------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `getPanelOptions()`        | Panel options         |
| `getStandardOptions()`     | Standard options      |
| `getValueMappingOptions()` | Value mappings        |
| `getDataLinksOptions()`    | Data links            |
| `getThresholdsOptions()`   | Thresholds            |

To interact with a custom option group added by your panel, use the `getCustomOptions('name of option group')` API.

> Calling any of these APIs will return an options group object that contains the following APIs to interact with options located within that group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling any of these APIs returns an options group object, which provides APIs for interacting with the options within that group.
```

  await unitPicker.selectOption('Misc > Pixels');

  await expect(unit).toContainText('px');
});
```

This test verifies that selecting a different time zone in the panel's settings updates the displayed time zone in the clock panel.

```ts
test('should change time zone when option is selected', async ({ panelEditPage, page }) => {
  const timeFormatOptions = panelEditPage.getCustomOptions('Timezone');
  const timeZoneSelect = timeFormatOptions.getSelect('Timezone');
  const timeZone = page.getByTestId('clock-panel').getByTestId('time-zone');

  await timeZoneSelect.selectOption('Europe/Stockholm');
  await expect(timeZone).toContainText('Europe/Stockholm');
});
```

This test verifies that enabling the monospace font option in the Clock panel correctly updates the panel's font family to "monospace".

```ts
test('should change the font family when enabling monospace', async ({ panelEditPage, page }) => {
  const clockOptions = panelEditPage.getCustomOptions('Clock');
  const monospaceFont = clockOptions.getSwitch('Font monospace');
  const panel = page.getByTestId('clock-panel');

  await monospaceFont.check();
  await expect(panel).toHaveCSS('font-family', 'monospace');
});
```

> This test ensures that when the "Countdown" mode is selected in the clock panel's options, the clock is running in count down mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test ensures that when the "Countdown" mode is selected in the clock panel's options, the clock is running in countdown mode.
```

```ts
test('should count down time when option is selected', async ({ panelEditPage, page }) => {
  const clockOptions = panelEditPage.getCustomOptions('Clock');
  const clockMode = clockOptions.getRadioGroup('Mode');
  const panel = page.getByTestId('clock-panel-countdown');

  await clockMode.check('Countdown');
  await expect(panel).toBeVisible();
});
```

> This test verifies that the background color of a panel changes when a new color is selected from the color picker in the panels options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test verifies that the background color of a panel changes when a new color is selected from the color picker in the panel's options.
```
